He never graduated from a high school
What do you know about design?
Maybe it's all imitating me
So you admit
These designs are all original to me
A bad imitation
But your historical works are all in these clumsy
In poor imitation
What, Linda?
This is me from
All the design works since high school
Each page is dated
You can flip it back.
Gu Nuannuan's historical works
It's all in these sketches.
God, aren't these warm works?
How could it be in Gu Qingqing's portfolio?
Is it really Gu Qingqing who Sister Nuannuan plagiarized?
Don't be deceived by Gu Qingqing
He can copy me once, he can copy me twice
maybe
His later works were also plagiarized from me
Okay, since you said that Gu Qingqing copied you
Then please explain
Why is your new product for the next quarter?
Also in Gu Qingqing's portfolio
And his first draft was dated a year ago
Could it be that he would predict
Previous works, who knows who borrowed from whom?
and
Shouldn't the focus of this competition be on the design draft?
I solemnly declare
The design draft this time is my own original
Everything requires evidence
It shouldn't be because of his one-sided words
I plagiarized this subjective paragraph from him